3/28/24 morning
Added OrderController and orderForm files
added update log

Next time: 2.3 in book, page 76 PDF
3/28/24
Created formvalidation branch
added validation dependency
added form validation to various files

3/29/24
Created validationerrors branch
Ran a formatter in each HTML file
Implemented form validation in the orderController HTML page
Need to implement in design page, and there is an issue with the credit card and expiration validation. I cannot get past them.

3/30/24
Determined the issue for CCExpiration field was because there was space in the regex.
Issue with credit cards was they cannot be any random 16 digits. Went with one found online 4444333322221111.
Implemented validation in design page.
Created a webconfig folder and file, implemented WebMvcConfigurer and added the home route to this.
Removed home controller.

4/1/24
Updated domain objects to prepare for data persistence
renamed application.properties to application.yaml as the book says it will be using yaml format going forward
added h2database and starter jdbc dependencies
Created ingredient repository interface and jdbc class

4/3/24
Added save override to jdbcingredientrepository
Injected ingredient repo into designtacocontroller and cleaned up errors (had to reference code from book repo on github)
Refactored converter for DB calls

4/4/24
Added db schema
Added data to be created at runtime
application has errors, will need to debug

4/5/24
Fixed db issues
re added slf4j logger because sys out print was not showing what I expected

4/6/24 part 1
added orderrepository interface
added ingredientref in domains
Created JdbcorderRepository class
had to update a data type in Taco domain so jdbcOrderRepository would work
Injected OrderRepository into OrderController
Troubleshooting
Added readme with instructions for accessing h2 console
!!!!----THIS WILL BE THE LAST BRANCH MERGED TO THE MAIN REPO----!!!!
The book is starting to h e a v i l y diverge from being able to have a coherent project structure, and is refactoring things seemingly willy nilly.
Assuming I follow the book and continue merging, I will lose previous work examples, so for the sake of keeping the examples, I will be saving each thing to its own branch and not merging into main.

4/6/24 part 2
Changed to JDBC data dependency instead of JdbcTemplate
Updated orderRepository to use JDBC instead of JDBC Template
Updated ingredientRepository to use JDBC instead of JDBC Template
Removed unnecessary classes, these aren't needed with JDBC data
Annotated some domain objects with @table and @id
ingredient.java is fully prepped for data persistence

4/8/24
removed final from ingredient.java so the project could run
changed repo to crudrepo in ingredrepo for a method in CommandLineRunner
Initialized date in TacoOrder because it was previously initialized in a jdbc repo which was deleted
added commandlinerunner to APP file
deleted unused sql file

Important message to copy:
Check Readme for Accessing the H2 database

4/9/24
Added final back to ingredient object, and added lombok @with annotation.
Checked out new branch
Updated pom.xml with jpa dependency instead of jdbc
Updated ingredient domain object to use JPA instead of JDBC
Updated taco domain object for jpa instead of jdbc
Updated tacoorder domain object for jpa instead of jdbc
Removed comments from ingredientrepo interface

4/10/24
Created new branch
Updated pom file with dependency for cassandra
updated app.yml to point at cassandra
experiencing issues running the docker commands for cassandra. Stack overflow post:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/78304781/spring-in-action-sixth-edition-page-96-docker-commands-errors

4/11/24
added username and password to cassandra config in yml
Updated ingredient domain object to use Cassandra
Updated taco class for cassandra 

4/12/24
Missed the UDT for ingredient
Added UDT folder
Added IngredientUDT for cassandra db
